# Rust Programmer Guidebook

The Rust Programmer Guidebook (RPG) covers hundreds of topics about the Rust Programmer language and its ecosystem. The focus is on topics and summaries that can help developers learn Rust, understand it, and use it professionally.

The Rust Programmer Guidebook aims to explain each topic in a broad way, so that any developer can read any topic, in any order, any time. This style works best along with the official Rust book: [The Rust Programming Language](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/).

The Rust Programmer Guidebook is by SixArm Software and Joel Parker Henderson, with topic content generated by ChatGPT. We welcome constructive feedback, and all ideas for improvement. We update this repo frequently with new topics and new examples.

IMPORTANT: THIS GUIDEBOOK IS VERSION 0.5. THIS IS A DRAFT WORK IN PROGRESS. THIS VERSION IS NOT INTENDED FOR PUBLICATION.

<https://github.com/sixarm/rust-programmer-guidebook>


## About the creators

About SixArm Software: We provide consulting for programmers and technology teams. If you're interested in hiring Rust help, you can contact rust@sixarm.com. 

About Joel Parker Henderson: Joel is a software engineer with 20+ years of industry experience, with emphasis on fast-moving technology teams and accelerating teamwork. For contact information: <https://linktr.ee/joelparkerhenderson>. For code repositories: <https://github.com/joelparkerhenderson>.

About ChatGPT: ChatGPT is an artificial intelligence chatbot developed by OpenAI. The chatbot uses a language model that can answer questions, explain topics with general summaries, generate source code examples, and provide enhanced auto-complete capabilties for many kinds of writing.